[Edit] JavaScript Add Codebytes Issue: #2405 (#2495)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/map/terms/get/get.md

console.log(fruits.get('Oranges')); // Output: 8
console.log(fruits.get('Bananas')); // Output: undefined
```

## Codebyte Example

> In the example below, we declare a new `Map` of purchase orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below uses a new `Map` that contains purchase orders.
```

> Throughout this program:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Throughout this example:
```

Author: Again, good catch! Updated.

> Throughout this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example:
```

> - Samantha will `get` the next purchase order that she needs to fill from the map using the [`.get()` method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/map/get).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Samantha will `get` the next purchase order that she needs to fill from the map using the `.get()` method.
```
